oh hello didn't see you there
we try throwing these grenade I'll crap
I drop no no no oh shit kill me here we
go here it goes oh you better get in
there wobble your way in there are you
ready for some Mount chiliad madness
epic jumps backflips parachuting madness
let me go in spa no vehicle real quick
these are my friends I will have friends
yes three new record I don't know why
the police are on me oh look at this guy
he's jealous cuz I got three friends you
didn't have any yeah yeah what do ya oh
you having fun mr. green shirt going to
the movie theater by yourself yeah well
I got all these okay I'm chilling here
by the sprite machine off-brands
frightened it's called it's called
Spratt wrong get sprung drink a spawn I
gotta get out of here oh my I'm going in
I'm going in yeah lady sorry
alright you're in my way you couldn't
have just hid behind the chair something
you'd still be alive maybe there we go
intact
parachute pull it pull the parachute
Finch oh I'll get in there get in there
yes I told you this thing is a chick
magnet from that
ah what's done is he really just gonna
leave me on the street how do I have two
stars I just got hit by car didn't even
do anything
God that makes me angry I think I'm
gonna go super saiyan
now though I'm super saying I just feel
like going
junga oh man here we go the mount to yak
madness I get away for the lift thanks I
get up there but we're gonna have it
there we go oh I got her I got her I got
her good
Oh God I just went through that
Rockets helicopter how am I missing hit
the helicopter with the rocket it's
indestructible
that makes sense it won't explode you
can't you can't get this thing to mess
up going down the hill okay go down
there I gotta be careful here
God hit speeds of 10 miles an hour no no
no get in I'm gonna have to shoot I'm
about to whip out my my gat they can't
handle live tractor skills goodbye
oh my run this guy I'm gonna hit i'ma
run him over getting fucked up in the
tractor from the eighteen hundred's oh
my god oh don't turn around
ops roll them I am taking out these
couples Oh
oh my god these cops are getting owned
by a tractor from Jesus days come on
stay strong go now it died on me beep
beep beep beep beep beep it is time for
me to do some golf
you know never tried it before but I'm
gonna prevail yeah I'll get top spin Don
Ho
look at my snarky okay alright guys well
that's gonna do it for this video I do
hope you all enjoyed it please be sure
to write the video and I'll see you guys
next time